Fixing explanations of onsuccess/onerror listeners for IndexedDB (#40025)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/indexeddb_api/using_indexeddb/index.md

};
```

> Which of the two functions, `onsuccess()` or `onerror()`, gets called? If everything succeeds, the `onsuccess()` function is triggered, receiving the success event as its argument, where the target property is the `request` object. Otherwise, if there was any problem, the `onerror()` function is triggered with the error event as its argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the request succeeds, the {{domxref("IDBRequest.success_event", "success")}} event is fired, and the function assigned to `onsuccess` is called. If the request fails,  the {{domxref("IDBRequest.error_event", "error")}} event is fired, and the function assigned to `onerror` is called.
```
